you might want to know who's makes the most money and stem which it feels
going to pay me the best I would encourage you not to think that
way because is a matter of fact virtually everyone in this country
anyway has enough money to buy food we have enough money for shelter
and clothing in transportation and healthcare it's hard to find somebody
who's so impoverished they can't afford these things so the money
money you make is not this crude issues you might think there's
very good research showing that after a just a subsistence level happiness
does not grow up with income and some of the most miserable people
are the people who've made the most so money is not a very good
way to pick a career but within the still feel they're all very new
high paying jobs that's like saying who's the richest person America
as compared with the second richest person in America will fully
both got so much money I can't spend you know they just be impossible
for them to spend all the money they've got so what division make
who's got a little more than the other so don't get fixated on who who
makes the most money and still